feat(argocd): rename to "Create Argo CD Application" and simplify flow (#2353)
Azure/vscode-aks-tools: docs/book/src/features/argocd-gitops-integration.md

| Command | Where it appears | Description |
|---------|-----------------|-------------|

> | **AKS: Create Argo CD Application** | Command Palette, Explorer folder context menu | Generate an annotated Argo CD Application manifest pointing at your Kubernetes manifests |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **AKS: Create Argo CD Application** | Command Palette, Explorer folder context menu | Generate an annotated Argo CD Application manifest pointing at a repo which contains Kubernetes manifests or a Helm chart to be deployed |
```

Author: Applied your suggestion in f0f391a9 — thanks.

Worth noting for anyone reading later: the generated Application sets only `repoURL` + `path`, and Argo CD auto-detects and renders a Helm chart found at that path, so the wording is accurate. The "Helm support" listed as a follow-up in the PR description refers specifically to extension-driven parameter overrides (`spec.source.helm`), not basic chart rendering.
